Open Systems International, Inc. (OSI) www.osii.com is a fast-paced, growing, high technology company, headquartered in Medina, Minnesota. As a world leader in the Operations Technology (OT) field, OSI develops and supplies state-of-the-art energy management, optimization and control software solutions to energy utility companies worldwide.

We currently have openings for Senior Engineer- Software Testing. Specific on-the-job training will be provided. In this position - located in our ITPB, Whitefield, Bangalore, India office - you will have the following responsibilities:
Work with software development groups that create the product as well as engineering groups that deploy the product.
Work with scrum team(s) to ensure high quality products and superior customer satisfaction.
Author, execute and maintain test charters, test cases, procedures and plans, automated test scripts and code.
Design, develop, implement and improve various test methodologies, plans and automation.
Review defect descriptions, requirements, and designs to incorporate into test plans.
Installation automation, test automation, release automation and system administration.
Build and Configure Continuous Integration setup for test environments.
Requirements

Minimum
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent.
Strong hands-on 2+ years’ experience on Test Automation.
3 to 6 years of software Quality Assurance / Testing experience.
Extensive knowledge of industry-leading QA tools and methodologies.
Strong understanding of automated testing best practices.
High level scripting skills (Python, Perl, Shell scripting).
Demonstrated ability in creating and communicating testing status dashboards.
Proficiency with Linux, Windows and UNIX environments.
Proficiency with a source control system (such as CVS, Subversion, Git, etc.).
Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills; comfortable communicating and working with geographically distributed teams.
Innate desires to automate, monitor and continually improve everything in sight.
System Administration experience.

Preferred
Master’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent.
Experience with Quality Assurance within an Agile methodology.
Experience with automation frameworks (Selenium, Robot, Apache JMeter).
Experience with evaluating, recommending, and deploying new tools and technologies to continually improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the Quality Assurance process.
Experience with various database technologies (such as MySQL, Cassandra, MongoDB).
Experience in server virtualization, especially VMWare and VSphere.
General networking skills (Layer 2 & 3 switches, TCP/IP, SNMP, etc.).
Benefits

OSI offers a comprehensive benefit package to our full-time regular employees. Additional perks include flexible work hours, employee events, casual dress code and more. Check out our Life at OSI Facebook page to see more.

As an employee of OSI you will have access to cutting edge technologies in a fun, professional, positive and dynamic work environment. We have excellent opportunities for growth and development.